What!
Except for Xie Benzong
The rest of the shares were given to Sui Xuerong for free
Why do you have an opinion
You are a little security guard
Why do you take responsibility for the company?
Who gave you your face?
I don't know who gave it to me.
I only know who doesn't give me face
I'll punch someone in the face
You are breaking the law
Haha, he said I broke the law.
Then you are fucking forcing other people's ancient city
Chen Hao
Who made trouble
Team leader, you are here
He's the one holding shareholders hostage
Force us to sell our shares
Stand up in broad daylight
You know what it's like to catch me
I arrest a security guard and there are consequences
Since you say so
Then I'll come with you.
Let's go